First all sockets will have to be non blocking,

Upon each successful transaction from a tracker, The tracker manager probes it's
reference to Peer Managers unque peeraddress's map and checks if the newly obtained
address is unique, if unique, it creates a new PeerAdddress object for it.

The PeerAddress struct is as follows:
struct PeerAddress {
  sockaddr_storage* sock;
  socklen_t size;
};

if sock.family is defined to the appropriate family judging from the IP address, sock.size, is
given the size of sockaddr_in for IPV4 or sockaddr_in6 for IPV6. now upon successful production
of a batch of PeerAddress's the async watcher for PeerManager queue consumer is signaled

upon signalling, Peer Address tries to initaite connection to "max_inflight_peers" peers and exits it's callback. before a PeerAddress is popped we check if the max number of connected peers has been achieved, if yes: we stop popping off potential new peers and become sedantary.

When Peer manager no of connected peer is 0 and the consumer callback is initiated, the peer
manager enters it's connecting state, This state basically starts of by intialize
"max_inflight_peers" number of connections all at once simultaneously, upon resolution of the
connection attempt (success of failure), the just resolved peer initiates a new connection
to replace its connecting spot, therfore making it at all times there being "max_infligh_peer"
number of peers trying to connect simultaneoulsy at any given time.

What happens when the maximum number of peers is reached?
1. Peer manager stops intiating new connections
2. Peer managers server stops acccepting new connections
3. Peer manager now in a state where it listens for disconnects, upon a peer disconnect, the peers
   connected count is reduced (duh) and the consumer call_back is invoked to kickstart the chain reaction.
4. There would also be consumer_active flag in Peer Manager that tells the consumer callback
   invoked, upon each disconnect, wether the chain reaction is already in motion, in order to
   prevent connection chain reaction spamming that should in theory destory the max_infligh_peers
   invariant

What happens to non blocking sockets that may not have completed thier connection before
max number of peers what reached and still inflight, connecting?
1. They are added to a kickstart bucket
2. upon reduction of peer disconnect and initiation of consumer callback, the callback first
   tries to intiate from the bucket list before reachin into the main queue for discovered peers.
3. It should be noted that there is a max time/retry resource allocated   for each dicovered peer
   upon connection initiation to prevent bucket list from never restocking with newer peers, in
   cases where such situation might be an issue.

What happens upon successful connect?
1. PeerHandled is upgreaded to a PeerSession
2. references to PeerSession objects are shipped to Transfer manager to
   begin piece download
3. ev_timer and io watchers are reinitialized to handle Transfer Manager
   logic.

How do we detect a disconnect?
1. Well according to texts, the socket become read and writeable
2. trying to sending to the socket sends a SIGPIPE signal to the process
3. trying to read returns 0 bytes read and errno responds accoridingly
   upon read
4. What method should my program rely on? i am yet to decide.

A Peer has 4 states.
1. Discovered ->  tracker manager successfuly discovered the guy
2. Connecting ->  connection process initiated, waiting for resolution
3. Connected  ->  resolved sucessfully.
4. Dead       ->  upon capped trials of retries: failed all attempts and should be indefinitely
                  ignored/abandoned.
